nvm install 14.17.1 in terminal before starting server.

Questions:
  1. When using the hooks and graphQL data, I can not get text to render when using the 'title' html/JSX tag. However, when using the 'header tag' it renders. Why is this? The Gatsby tutorial shows to use title, but in an expanded purple window above where it is first shown shows an example running header.
  https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/tutorial/part-4/
    FIXED: It is working now but there is no difference between what I have now and the example shown in the link above. Not sure how I fixed it.

  2. What is the 'children' hook containing exactly? It is rendering the page you are currently on. (Is it a property of the useStaticQuery method?)
  Answer: 'children' and 'pageTitle' are props that have been destructured. However, this answer raises another Question: Where can I see these props being taken in? I have tried debugging and seeing but there doesn't seem to be any other props besides those two when using the structured props argument in the Layout component/function.
  https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/tutorial/part-2/

  Notes:

  A closer look at the configuration options:

  When your site builds, gatsby-source-filesystem adds all the files in the folder specified by the path option to the data layer. (__dirname is a variable from Node.js that stores the absolute path for the directory that contains the file currently being run.)

  The name option in the configuration object gets set to the sourceInstanceName field for each file. This comes in handy when you want to source files from multiple folders. By giving each folder a different name option, you can build GraphQL queries that filter down to only a particular folder.

  https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/tutorial/part-4/
